Doc: Update release notes with security notice [8.4] (#14468)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

Several AWS plugins are now bundled in a single {logstash-ref}/plugins-integrations-aws.html[AWS integration plugin], enabling easier maintenance and upgrades of AWS-based
  plugins. They all use version 3 of the AWS Ruby SDK.
  
[[jdk-8.4.0]]
===== JDK17 support

Logstash now comes bundled with JDK17, while still providing compatibility with user-supplied JDK11. 

> The JDK update pertains to a potential security vulnerability. 

Author: ```suggestion
The new JDK includes an update to a potential security vulnerability. 
```

Reviewer: Do you think we still need `pertain(s|ing) to` in the description? Rather than updating the vulnerability? 
```suggestion
The new JDK includes an update pertaining to a potential security vulnerability.
```
